README.md, before:

# 1 Million Lines of Code

## Character

<img src="https://github.com/Refactula.png" alt="Vlad the Refactula" width="200px"/>

Name: **Refactula**  
Level: **9**  
Progress: 10.76% (183/1700)  

![Progress: 10.76%](Story/files/progress-bar.png)

## Quests

### Design Patterns

Implement all design patterns.

##### Creational Patterns

* [x] [Singleton](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/singleton) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Factory](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/factory) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Factory Method](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/factory_method) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Abstract Factory](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/abstract_factory) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Builder](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/builder) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Prototype](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/prototype) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Object Pool](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/object_pool) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Behavioral Patterns

* [x] [Chain of Responsibility](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/behavioral/chain_of_responsibility) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Command](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/behavioral/command) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Interpreter [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Iterator [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Mediator [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Memento [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Observer [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Strategy [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Template Method [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Visitor [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Null Object [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Structural Patterns

* [x] [Adapter](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/adapter) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Bridge](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/bridge) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Composite](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/composite) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Decorator](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/decorator) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Flyweight](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/flyweight) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Proxy](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/proxy) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Achievements

* [ ] Implement all patterns [`Gang of One`](#gang-of-one)

## Skills

### Object-Oriented Programming

Proved by: [`Design Patterns`](#design-patterns).

## Achievements

### Gang of One

Has implemented all design patterns.

Commit message:

Review and refactoring. Format Achievements and Skills

README.md, after:

# 1 Million Lines of Code

## Character

<img src="https://github.com/Refactula.png" alt="Vlad the Refactula" width="200px"/>

Name: **Refactula**  
Level: **9**  
Progress: 18.24% (310/1700)  

![Progress: 18.24%](Story/files/progress-bar.png)

## Quests

### Story Teller

Create a program that turns this *1 Million Lines of Code* challenge into an RPG-style journey with levels, quests, skills and achievements.

##### Tasks

* [x] Implement `Markdown` support [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] Implement Quests [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] Implement Achievements [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] Implement Skills [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Implement Character summary [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Complete the quest [`Let the Journey Begin`](#let-the-journey-begin)

### Design Patterns

Implement all design patterns.

##### Creational Patterns

* [x] [Singleton](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/singleton) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Factory](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/factory) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Factory Method](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/factory_method) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Abstract Factory](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/abstract_factory) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Builder](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/builder) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Prototype](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/prototype) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Object Pool](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/creational/object_pool) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Behavioral Patterns

* [x] [Chain of Responsibility](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/behavioral/chain_of_responsibility) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Command](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/behavioral/command) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Interpreter [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Iterator [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Mediator [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Memento [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Observer [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Strategy [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Template Method [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Visitor [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [ ] Null Object [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Structural Patterns

* [x] [Adapter](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/adapter) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Bridge](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/bridge) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Composite](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/composite) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Decorator](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/decorator) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Flyweight](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/flyweight) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)
* [x] [Proxy](DesignPatterns/src/main/java/refactula/design/patterns/structural/proxy) [`+OOP`](#object-oriented-programming)

##### Achievements

* [ ] Implement all patterns [`Gang of One`](#gang-of-one)

## Skills

### Object-Oriented Programming

Proved by: [`Design Patterns (15)`](#design-patterns) [`Story Teller (4)`](#story-teller).

## Achievements

### Let the Journey Begin

Has completed [`Story Teller`](#story-teller) quest.

### Gang of One

Has implemented all design patterns.
